Update RFC 7230 (obsoleted) -> RFC 9110 (#1417)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Vocabularies/ExternalIdentifierType.md

- swid: Concise Software Identification (CoSWID) tag, as defined in [RFC 9393](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc9393/) Section 2.3.
- urlScheme: [Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) Schemes](https://www.iana.org/assignments/uri-schemes/uri-schemes.xhtml). The scheme used in order to locate a resource.
- verificationUID: The unique identifier used by a verification management system or any other lifecycle management tool to uniquely identify a verification item.

> - webpage: Absolute Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that can be used to locate a resource, as defined in [RFC 9110](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc9110/) Section 4.2.1 or Section 4.2.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- webpage: A Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that can be used to locate a resource, as defined in [RFC 9110](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc9110/) Section 4.2.1 or Section 4.2.2, which may include an optional fragment identifier as specified in [RFC 3986](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3986) Section 3.5.
```

Old (RFC 7230): Allowed the fragment directly within the http-URI definition text string itself.
New (RFC 9110): Stripped the fragment from the http-URI definition. If a # fragment exists, it changes the string's classification from an absolute URI into a URI Reference.
